doc(release) Release notes modules 24.10 (#4554)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.10/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.mdx

## Centreon MAP

### 24.10.9

Release date: `August 4, 2025`

<details>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Dashboards] When displaying an existing public playlist containing a MAP widget with no map selected, a message is now displayed indicating that one must first be selected for it to be displayed.
- [Editor] Fixed an issue preventing groups of items to be duplicated.
- [Editor] It is now possible to use sub-groups of items in a map.

> - [Playlists] The MAP widget is now operational when displayed in the public Playlists of Dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Playlists] The MAP widget is now operational when displayed in the public playlists of Dashboards.
```

- [Server] Modified SQL user rights to grant only necessary ones.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [API] A new updated version of the API documentation is now available.

> - [Editor] Avoided possibility to have a rectangle shape with width or height of 0 pixel, which caused error when saving a map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Editor] Rectangle shapes can no longer have a width or height of 0 pixel, which caused errors when saving a map.
```

- [Editor] Fixed an issue that caused links to be positioned differently in the editor when migrating from MAP Legacy to MAP.
- [Editor] Line break management has been added to the extended Output widget when parsing BBDOv3 packets.
- [Installation] Fixed my.cnf path for Debian.
- [Map list] Fixed pagination.
- [Migration] Added multiple information logs when migrating from MAP Legacy.
- [Migration] Added multiple information logs when migrating from MAP Legacy.

> - [Migration] Added multiple information logs when migrating from MAP Legacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [Server] Fixed access right issue with the media directory, preventing images from being copied on a remote server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Fixed access right issue with the media directory, preventing images from being copied to a remote server.
```

> - [Server] Fixed an issue that may prevent user from duplicating a map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented users from duplicating a map.
```

> - [Server] Fixed issue causing BA to disappear after a BAM reinstallation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Fixed an issue causing BAs to disappear after a BAM reinstallation.
```

> - [Server] Fixed issue preventing resources from being displayed when configuration contains a host without any service associated to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Fixed an issue preventing resources from being displayed when the configuration contained a host with no service associated to it.
```

- [Viewer] Business Activities - Fixed visualisation of status and state of KPIs.
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue where links to triangle shapes were shifted in view mode.

> - [Viewer] Fixed issue preventing data from being displayed when hovering on a meta-service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue preventing data from being displayed when hovering over a metaservice.
```

> - Fixed naming issue when modifying resources to be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed naming issue when modifying resources to be displayed.
```
```suggestion
- Fixed a naming issue that occurred when modifying resources to be displayed.
```

## Centreon IT Edition Extensions

### 24.10.6

Release date: `August 4, 2025`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Playlists] Status Grid widget is now filtering correctly the services to be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Playlists] Status Grid widget is now filtering correctly the services to be displayed.
```
```suggestion
- [Playlists] The Status Grid widget is now filtering correctly the services to be displayed.
```

## Centreon Monitoring Connectors Manager (formerly Plugin Packs Manager)

### 24.10.5

Release date: `August 4, 2025`

> - no changes for this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No changes for this version.
```
